Improve UX (#35)
JuBiotech/peak-performance: README.md

This has the innate advantage of providing uncertainty quantification while jointly estimating all peak parameters united in a single peak model.
As Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods are utilized to infer the posterior probability distribution, convergence checks and the aformentioned uncertainty quantification are applied as novel quality metrics for a robust peak recognition.

# Installation

It is highly recommended to follow the following steps and install ``PeakPerformance`` in a fresh Python environment:
1. Install the package manager [Mamba](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases).
Choose the latest installer at the top of the page, click on "show all assets", and download an installer denominated by "Mambaforge-version number-name of your OS.exe", so e.g. "Mambaforge-23.3.1-1-Windows-x86_64.exe" for a Windows 64 bit operating system. Then, execute the installer to install mamba and activate the option "Add Mambaforge to my PATH environment variable".

> ```{caution}
> If you have already installed Miniconda, you can install Mamba on top of it but there are compatibility issues with Anaconda.
> ```
> 
> ```{note}
> The newest conda version should also work, just replace `mamba` with `conda` in step 2.
> ```

Reviewer: GitHub doesn't support these MyST features

```suggestion
⚠ If you have already installed Miniconda, you can install Mamba on top of it but there are compatibility issues with Anaconda.

ℹ The newest conda version should also work, just replace `mamba` with `conda` in step 2.
```
